set the default state prep label to a psi ket (#4340)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* `PauliWord` sparse matrices are much faster, which directly improves `PauliSentence`.
  [#4272](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4272)

> * The default label for a `StatePrep` operator is now a ket with psi in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default label for a `StatePrep` operator is now a $|\psi >$ in it.
```

* QNode transforms in `qml.qinfo` now support custom wire labels.
  [#4331](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4331)

> * The default label for a `StatePrep` operator is now $|\psi \rangle$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The default label for a `StatePrep` operator is now `|Ψ⟩`.
```
